resources/README.md, before:

Here are resources that we think you may find valuable in your SynthDIY journey.

NOTE: To support our work, clectric is a registered Amazon Associate, and will earn from qualifying purchases on the related links.

## Books
- [_Do Nothing: How To Break Away From Overworking, Overdoing, and Underliving_](https://amzn.to/4oDdPE9) by [Celeste Headlee](https://celesteheadlee.com/about-celeste-headlee/)
  
- [_Circuit-Bending: Build Your Own Alien Instruments (ExtremeTech)_](https://amzn.to/41Mgkdk) by [Reed Ghazala](http://www.anti-theory.com/bio/)

- [_Handmade Electronic Music_](https://amzn.to/45DoNks) by [Nicholas Collins](https://www.nicolascollins.com/handmade.htm)
  
- [_Make: Electronics: Learning by Discovery: A hands-on primer for the new electronics enthusiast_](https://amzn.to/46UGApt) by [Charles Platt](https://www.makershed.com/collections/charles-platt)
  
- Other books, articles, and papers collected in our [clectric.diy Zotero Library](https://www.zotero.org/clectric.diy/library)

## Synths
- [Stylophone](https://stylophone.com/product/stylophone-genx-2-us/) [GENX-2 Portable Analogue Synthesizer](https://amzn.to/3JhKVt0)
  
- [Korg](https://www.korg.com/us/products/dj/volca_modular/) [Volca Modular Micro Semi-modular Synthesizer](https://amzn.to/4ouHgbk)
  
- [AE Modular](../Formats/AE-Modular) format modules and other gear from:
	- [Tangible Waves](https://www.tangiblewaves.com),
	- [Wonkystuff](https://wonkystuff.co.uk),
	- [BF Synth](https://www.tindie.com/stores/bfsynths/),
	- [Kyaa](https://kyaa.co),
	- and many [others](https://clectric.audio).

## Test Equipment
- A USB C microphone and headphone splitter like [this](https://amzn.to/47tUSgY) or [this](https://amzn.to/45AAAzX).

## Fuel
- Coffee from [Jittery Joe's](https://jitteryjoes.com) or your favorite local roaster.

Commit message:

Expanded affiliate note beyond just Amazon.

resources/README.md, after:

Here are resources that we think you may find valuable in your SynthDIY journey.

*NOTE: To support our work, clectric.diy registers as an affiliate, where possible and earn from the related links.*

## Books
- [_Do Nothing: How To Break Away From Overworking, Overdoing, and Underliving_](https://amzn.to/4oDdPE9) by [Celeste Headlee](https://celesteheadlee.com/about-celeste-headlee/)
  
- [_Circuit-Bending: Build Your Own Alien Instruments (ExtremeTech)_](https://amzn.to/41Mgkdk) by [Reed Ghazala](http://www.anti-theory.com/bio/)

- [_Handmade Electronic Music_](https://amzn.to/45DoNks) by [Nicholas Collins](https://www.nicolascollins.com/handmade.htm)
  
- [_Make: Electronics: Learning by Discovery: A hands-on primer for the new electronics enthusiast_](https://amzn.to/46UGApt) by [Charles Platt](https://www.makershed.com/collections/charles-platt)
  
- Other books, articles, and papers collected in our [clectric.diy Zotero Library](https://www.zotero.org/clectric.diy/library)

## Synths
- [Stylophone](https://stylophone.com/product/stylophone-genx-2-us/) [GENX-2 Portable Analogue Synthesizer](https://amzn.to/3JhKVt0)
  
- [Korg](https://www.korg.com/us/products/dj/volca_modular/) [Volca Modular Micro Semi-modular Synthesizer](https://amzn.to/4ouHgbk)
  
- [AE Modular](../Formats/AE-Modular) format modules and other gear from:
	- [Tangible Waves](https://www.tangiblewaves.com),
	- [Wonkystuff](https://wonkystuff.co.uk),
	- [BF Synth](https://www.tindie.com/stores/bfsynths/),
	- [Kyaa](https://kyaa.co),
	- and many [others](https://clectric.audio).

## Test Equipment
- A USB C microphone and headphone splitter like [this](https://amzn.to/47tUSgY) or [this](https://amzn.to/45AAAzX).

## Fuel
- Coffee from [Jittery Joe's](https://jitteryjoes.com) or your favorite local roaster.
